fixing a scooter can be a harrowing
experience when doing any repair however
it is important to find a nice safe
place then of course you must come up
with a competent repairman it is vitally
important to check your instruction
manual if the scooter happens to be
functioning at the time you may need to
break it if breaking it becomes
difficult you may have to enlist the
help of others
great things with any ordinary means you
might want to take the machine apart
this will allow you to lose one or more
absolutely necessary parts thus
guaranteeing the machine will never work
properly again don't forget to make sure
the scooter sounds right when you hit it
with the winch
and by all means consult your
instruction manual to see exactly where
you have gone wrong the heck's wrong
with this thing anyway
so you try pushing the thing the thief
then young
dad
it some more and then your way creation
you search for the watching me call at
the foot in the we're now over here no
it's over there shit why do we do now
god I knew this was part of the
difference at this point it's time to
sit back and discussed it what do you
think is wrong
no kidding that of course it must be
this other thing well that being there
of course not it must be this other
things oh no it must be this thing look
it there see I'm telling you it's that
thing well maybe it's been still feels a
little too difficult you might seek
divine guy
or if you're really desperate cast of
boobies spin yes okay where does
everybody go come back why
maybe the job's not done hey come back
oh well what next
hey wait for me